More of a movement than a group, the Devastators are the center of a social movement against player killing and the abuse of power against lower level players by higher ones. The group first formed during player protests in Volupta after copies of a plate of minor image went around the city with a now infamous photo of solrac held in a rigid position by magical energy, with a golden sword sticking out of his stomach, and a amethyst bow pointed right into his face. The face of zuc is not visible but Asher and Warden can clearly be seen, their faces both hard and emotionless. The photo was mass  printed by someone and distributed, along with the story of the conflict between Solrac and the rest of his Guild. It tells about how Solac was led to the . The player reaction was immediately and overwhelmingly negative, especially when it was revealed that the two major guilds let Warden go with no repercussions, leading to the emergence of the narrative, “if they wont even seek justice for their guild, why would they for us” which dealt a major blow to the popularity of and confidence in of the two guilds. This also lead to a wider gap between the players on the frontier and weaker ones, with weaker players starting to band together more to gain strength in numbers, catalyzing the creation of the Army in Artlam. Warden gained infamy and the nickname “two-face” because of the nature of his relationship with solrac, saying he has a normal one and a “stone face”. The Devastators formed from four players who were protesting outside of the North Star and gravitated towards each other’s fervor and “rebellion”, the group made plans to meet up after the protest and investigate the incident by bribing Liberation Army and North Star members and compiling and publishing information on Warden and Asher’s past crimes, Zuc’s identity, and the reason for the killing. They attach meeting info to these publications and steadily gain more and more sympathetic followers, albeit for a variety of different reasons. 

- Niall: Saved by solrac on halloween, pushed out of the way of the pumpkin king’s grasp. 
    
- Sanmae: Civil rights attorney who advocates heavily for punishment for Warden and the other two, saying that someone needs to be able to keep order among the players. 
    
- Kiefer: Rebellious counter culture type, flippant towards the cause but charismatic. 
    
- Therian: Wants to kill Warden, often uses the protests etc for violence.